hi I'm John Hanson professional bass
angler what I wanted to give you is a
review on the Hydra wave I just got my
Hydra wave in there there is hardly any
reviews I want to eat you you can find a
few YouTube videos online about it
I'm gonna wanted to bring you my first
youtube video about it and I'm just
going to show you how a package what's
in the box when you get it and then I'll
show you a video installing it and I'll
take you out on the water and I'll show
you what it's like using it on the water
so it's a it's packaged fairly nicely
they did a really good job on that so we
got our Hydra wave unit here it's just
your your volume up volume down button
the mute button obviously your selector
switch up and down you got some menu
play pause button and what I was really
surprised about is how small this unit
is you can see how thin it is it's
extremely thin it's very small I was
expecting something more the size of a
Lowrance
unit or Humminbird unit up from your
deck which is great but they utilize
space got your Hydra wit book that this
is nice they gave you a waterproof a
little pamphlet here to tell you you
know different ways to use it
so you know they didn't just leave you
laying out there and a breeze trying to
figure out what to do you got your
speaker system here which just Maps on
the bottom of your love your trolling
motor to go into water or you can hang
it over the side of your boat whatever
you choose to do and then they have a
couple different ways to install this
you have a bracket just like any of any
GPS or fish finder has that you can
mount it to or
it comes with a pack with some velcro
this and just velcro it on and
developers nice because it's real easy
take it on off velcro just pops right
off you don't have to worry about
anybody stealing it or anything like
that so I'm really curious on how this
products gonna work I can't wait to test
it out on the water so keep an eye out
for the next video we'll do a little
installation video and then I'll take
you out and show you how to use it